hello network welcome in this video
i want to give you the android app shortly
introduce an app with the blacklist
call her and sms from
particular number block her comes that
whole is very simple
You can do that under google player
Download and we can see are
already over a million times
downloaded
there's from android 2.1 and yes it is the
all just long in which I'm the
app start and we have the here
screen for black lets as can
we add phone numbers from the
Call logs from contacts
messages or manual messages so
with manual one gives then here simply
the phone number
if someone calls you then it will become one
leave a message and it lands
then here in the log and the caller
are then either directly on the
mailbox forwarded or if you
no mailbox was set up then
is simply displayed and busy
under settings you can private
papers all calls block sms
block or sms then block times
to adjust
Regarding the privacy of her
would specify password and here still
Notify me and I will
Try it all now and live
test by not calling myself
and then we'll see what's there
happens
because normally the call should be
be blocked directly so that always
Incoming calls blocked a call
in absence and we have here once
the notifications from android
even that it just went unanswered
calls is and which we here with calls
practice on it
then this logs me protocol
called me and yes so
he is great and just for stalker or
as a preventive measure against stocker
or against mad one night
stands or anything else
recommend
and yes